10:16: I forgot to make notes yesterday about starting the website, but, in
short, I wrote a logger and started writing the code to add CSV data to the
database. I had already written the database a month before starting my
project as I didn't intend it to be my project at the time.
Anyway, I am currently experimenting with putting code in subdirectories and
calling it from code in the parent directory to keep my file structure tidy.
After that, I will continue with adding developers to the database from the
CSV file.
(The idea was from https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65419934/access-function-in-other-python-file-within-a-subfolder)

10:31: Through experimentation, I can import things from subdirectories, but I
cannot import things from parent directories. Well, you can with the os or sys
libraries, but they're insecure.

10:52: Writing a bunch of functions for handling the database and, oh boy is
this database handler going to be HUGE... Anyway, just making a note here that
I am unsure what to do with the features for now. I think I might combine them
with either the tags or the genres, but for now, they will go unused...

11:01: Okay, I'm going to put the db_handler back in the main directory
because it can no longer access db_config.py even though they're in the same
directory...

11:38: Okay, so games can be loaded. But they do not have links. That is what
I spent the past hour or so implementing, but now I have run into a wall:
Because of they way I have written the database, links require users to exist
in order to show who made those links. So, I will, after a break and then
lunch, implement users and then move back to this.

This is going to be one hell of a development process. Can I do it?
IF YES, I GET A RED VELVET CAKE, if no... Then I get nothing I guess...

16:28: It took far longer than I expected, but new users can now be created
and users can also log in. Time to build an admin page! (And then I'll get
back to the stuff from earlier...)

16:59: Started admin pages with the user management page. It currently shows
all users and not much else.
