10:08: Tried changing the code when loading developers and publishers to NOT
use dictionaries and to use lists instead... It's SLOWER! How!
I think I'll put it back to how it used to be where the developers and
publishers were their own thing and to load them seperately... But the code
will look terrible, yay.

10:22: Changed it back and... It's just as slow... I'm going to put it back to
the list thing because that makes the code more readable.

11:07: While writing code to load user tags, I realised that one value in most
of the link tables is entirely pointless. It's the one that goes
"link_created" and is a boolean. Why I added it, I don't know since the link
existing makes this pointless? So I've removed it from all the link tables.
Let's see what errors happen now that I've done that, eh?

11:24: Okay, implemented code to load user tags. And now I'm pretty sure it'll
take an hour to run. YAY. I'll see you all when that happens or, more likely,
when there's an error.

11:58: Stopped it at 11:45 and it had only done 1500 games... Oh boy. So, I
added the final thing to load which is genres. I'm going to have it load that
and go make some lunch. When I get back, it probably won't be done or will
have an error. Yay.

12:38: I added a limiter for testing purposes. If it is not None, then the
code will only load the requested number of games from the CSV to save me
time. I'm probably going to have to let the full code run through the night...

12:53: Made some small changes to try and increase the speed of loading. The
database connection (and cursor) aren't closed until the loading is finished
and the "game_dict" is created before the first for loop so that it doesn't
have to be recreated every loop. 

13:11: I found a new library called "py-spy". This library runs the code and
measures how much time is spent on each task/line. Using this, it turned out
all of the database connections I was making through functions like
"developer_get_id" was taking the most time. So, I changed those so that, if
they are provided with a database cursor, they use that instead of creating a
new one. This has sped up the loading a lot, but it still is taking about two
to three minutes to load 1000 games. So I will see what else is taking up the
time and try to reduce that.

13:19: Unfortunately, it would seem that this is as fast as I can make the
loader. The thing that is taking the most time is mysql.connector's own
"get_rows" function/method... And I kind of need that for essential things
like getting new column IDs...

13:53: I might have found a way to reduce the amount of time spent on getting
data from the database. The majority of the data requests are for getting new
IDs. But! MySQL has an auto increment feature so I don't have to do that. It
does make insert commands slightly different, but that's fine. Let's see how
little time this saves, eh?

15:21: Took well over an hour to implement that. But it works. Games are now
loaded a lot faster. Still takes a while, but it's better than it was. Going
to have an hour long break now.

17:04: Added a new page that shows all of the games... Sort of. I want to have
it so that each page only shows a few games at once so as to not overload the
server. Turns out, sorting like that is easy... For now. Sorting by game_id
gives the most recently added game. I want the option to sort by other stuff
so I am experimenting with that and I found that MySQL has a DATE command
which tries to convert the given data or columns to dates which can then be
sorted. However, it shows all of the unreleased games in my data as the most
recent so I will need a way to filter those. Anyway, got some people coming to
visit our house so I won't be doing much for the next hour. I guess I'll take
an undeserved break?

21:18: Okay, those viewings took far longer than I thought they would...
Anyway, I managed to write code to implement pagination to the games list
page. It's so complicated it needed regex. Regex sucks and the creator of it
should be ashamed. Only half joking there. Anyway, I am going to try and
make the pagination look better because it sucks; though it does work. I'm
thinking of having it show something like... < Previous (5/945) Next >
Yeah, something like that.
