9:12: Technically a day off, but that encoding issue was really bugging me
since the program worked fine apart from that. But, I fixed it by changing
UTF-8 encoding on the CSV writer to UTF-8-SIG which according to a
Stackoverflow comment puts the BOM in the meta data rather than inside the
document. Excel sees the BOM in the metadata and understands that the file is
UTF-8 and not something else. Don't trust Excel to handle bomb defusal or
however that joke went in my head.

9:35: Forgot to mention I am doing a massive test of the program. I'm having
it do ten thousand (10, 000) games. I wonder what errors will occur?

10:32: Okay, so it took well over an hour, but collecting 10 thousand games
apparently worked just fine... I am quite surprised there wasn't an error
honestly... My next thing will be to at least try and get the supported
languages part. Though that looks like it will be quite complicated.

19:53: After nearly 3 hours, I have finally got the program to get the
supported languages. Except, I made it so that it got exactly how the game
implements that language. Why? I really don't know. I am going to see how much
this slows the program down and, if it is significant enough, I will change th
code to ONLY get the languages, not how they are implemented. It'd be cool to
keep that though.

21:17: Okay, I'm having it do the 10 thousand game test again. One problem
that arose is that the JSON loading was suddenly failing. Turns out, the
problem can be solved (at least for now) by checking to make sure the request
actually gets a 200 HTTP status code. It was occasionally giving me a 502 (Bad
gateway) code instead. So now, it asks you if you want to try again when it
detects a bad error code. If you choose to try again, it will try load the
page again, if you choose not to, it will end the scraping there. I think I
might make it save the collected data if you choose to say no because right
now it doesn't. Will report what happens if there's another error or, less
likely, if it reaches ten thousand games.

21:56: Okay... It finished getting the 10 thousand games... BUT EXCEL HAD TO
HAVE THE CSV FILE OPEN!!!! Damn it... Going to add a try except to avoid this
in the future. Then I'll run it again.i

23:25: Added that CSV try except and ran it again. It works! Data scraped
successfully. Using the time module, I got a time of 4678 seconds which is
about 1 hour and 17 minutes. Good time for ten thousand items I think.
That's all for today, I'm really tired. Tomorrow I will be tidying the program
up a bit and writing about it in my report.
